As a minimum viable product, it is acceptable to be able to send commands to the camera from the website without receiving information back.
This means the current server stuff is at MVP, since I've achieved one-way communication.
Given that, I'll describe the MVP below:

pantilt, go to absolute pan/tilt position, user inputs angle in degrees, 2 text boxes and 1 button
relpantilt, shift pan/tilt, user inputs angle shift in degrees, 2 text boxes and 1 button
home, set pant/tilt to home, user just presses "home" button, 1 button
zoom, set zoom percentage, user inputs a percentage from 0 (widest) to 100 (zoomest), 1 text box and 1 button
memgo, go to a preset, user inputs an integer from 1 to 6, dropdown menu of 6 options and 1 button
memset, store current pan/tilt position as a preset, user inputs an integer from 1 to 6, 1 extra button to above memory interface

Notes from Raine conversation on 2020-03-06:
Raine is fine with one-way communication.
prefers absolute over relative positional commands.
prefers degrees over percentages for pan/tilt.
wants separate fields for absolute/relative commands. Store numbers between commands for easier adjusting.
will use an iPad or full laptop screen (Chrome) for running website.
thinks multiple users won't work well with this setup (I agree. Fun to try once though.).
wants the website to display the current pan/tilt/zoom position.

I can reduce the delay if I don't actually need response info from the camera. Then I'd need to add an artificial delay to prevent command overflow.
Website needs an entry for the subdomain at the top.

Stretch Goals:
Once two-way communication is achieved, the following webapp commands could be relevant:

zoomcheck, check the current zoom percentage, user just presses "refresh" button next to a zoom percentage display field
pantiltcheck, check the current pan/tilt position, user just presses "refresh" button next to a pan/tilt position display field
powercheck, check if the camera is on, not user facing (just used by webapp on startup)
poweron, turn the camera on, not user facing (just used by server on startup)
poweroff, turn the camera off, not user facing (just used by server on shutdown)

These two I'm deeming unecessary right now, since you can just put in 0 for one or the other:
relpan, shift pan not tilt, user inputs angle shift in degrees
reltilt, shift tilt not pan, user inputs angle shift in degrees

Can store camera state on server, rather than asking the camera each time.